libgram/README.md, before:

# libgram, the C companion for gram

libgram is the C library for gram core initialization and memory testing.

## HowTo

Build libgram with make. In your firmware:

```C
#include <gram.h>

int main(void) {
	struct gramCtx ctx;
	struct gramProfile profile {
		.mode_registers = {
			0x320, 0x6, 0x200, 0
		},
		.rdly_p0 = 0,
		.rdly_p1 = 0
	};
	int err = gram_init(&ctx, &profile, 0x10000000, 0x00006000, 0x00005000);

	return 0;
}
```

Link it to this library and you should be good to go!

## Error handling

```
GRAM_ERR_NONE: No error happened (hardcoded to zero)
GRAM_ERR_UNDOCUMENTED: Undocumented error, shame on us lazy coders (take a look at the code)
```

## Using libgram outside the SoC

Compile libgram with `CFLAGS="-DGRAM_RW_FUNC"` (run `make clean` beforehand) and define the following bus access functions:

```c
uint32_t gram_read(struct gramCtx *ctx, void *addr);
int gram_write(struct gramCtx *ctx, void *addr, uint32_t value);
```

If you want to use the default compiler on your computer, use `CFLAGS="-DGRAM_RW_FUNC" make TRIPLE=""`.

Commit message:

Read delay calibration: return error codes

libgram/README.md, after:

# libgram, the C companion for gram

libgram is the C library for gram core initialization and calibration.

## HowTo

Build libgram with make. In your firmware:

```C
#include <gram.h>

int main(void) {
	struct gramCtx ctx;
	struct gramProfile profile {
		.mode_registers = {
			0x320, 0x6, 0x200, 0
		},
		.rdly_p0 = 0,
		.rdly_p1 = 0
	};
	int err = gram_init(&ctx, &profile, 0x10000000, 0x00006000, 0x00005000);

	return 0;
}
```

Link it to this library and you should be good to go!

## Error handling

```
GRAM_ERR_NONE: No error happened (hardcoded to zero)
GRAM_ERR_UNDOCUMENTED: Undocumented error, shame on us lazy coders (take a look at the code)
GRAM_ERR_RDLY_MAX: Read delay calibration unsuccessful because its value exceeds DQSBUFM's max
```

## Using libgram outside the SoC

Compile libgram with `CFLAGS="-DGRAM_RW_FUNC"` (run `make clean` beforehand) and define the following bus access functions:

```c
uint32_t gram_read(struct gramCtx *ctx, void *addr);
int gram_write(struct gramCtx *ctx, void *addr, uint32_t value);
```

If you want to use the default compiler on your computer, use `CFLAGS="-DGRAM_RW_FUNC" make TRIPLE=""`.
